fix(a11y): final fix for WCAG 1.1.1 image alt should describe image content accurately (#17)
scottrigby/basekamp-next: content/projects/whats-mine-yours.md

attribution: Sara Reisman
images:
  - src: 01.jpg
    alt: Gallery installation featuring a white tricycle cart with painted backdrop showing colorful illustrated animals including a lobster, owl, and other creatures, orange storage box in foreground
  - src: 09.jpg
    alt: Sunlit gallery space with multiple black umbrellas suspended from ceiling, white sculptural foam forms, and tall windows showing brick buildings outside
  - src: 02.jpg
    alt: Gallery installation with wooden bench-like furniture piece in center and video projection on wall showing urban street scene
  - src: 03.jpg
    alt: Gallery view showing large white curved fabric sculpture resembling a wave, wooden angular seating structure, and video projection on wall
  - src: 04.jpg
    alt: Close-up detail of installation showing black umbrella, white spherical object, suspended brown vessel, and geometric wall elements
  - src: 05.jpg
    alt: Sunlit gallery interior with large white undulating fabric sculpture on wooden platform, black umbrella, small work table, and art materials hanging in windows
  - src: 06.jpg

>     alt: Gallery installation with colorful hanging cylindrical sculpture, clothesline with items, small white house structures, black umbrella, and tricycle visible in background

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    alt: Gallery installation with colorful hanging banner, white and brown sculpture in foreground and picnic table in background
```

  - src: 07.jpg

>     alt: Gallery space showing large curved white fabric or foam sculptures on wooden platforms against white walls with industrial ceiling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    alt: Gallery space showing large curved white fabric sculpture on wooden platforms next to desk and suspended black umbrella
```

  - src: 08.jpg

>     alt: Wide gallery view with colorful suspended elements including yellow-green fabric, pink cylinder, black umbrella, white house structures, and wooden work table in foreground

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    alt: Wide gallery view with colorful suspended elements including yellow-green fabric, brown cylinder, black umbrella, small white house structure, and wooden work table in foreground
```
